Tree selector badge renderer support (#830)
iTwin/viewer-components-react: packages/itwin/tree-widget/README.md

  />
);
```

## Tree selector icons

> Provided trees to `TreeWidgetUiItemsProvider` can define a component to `startIcon` property that will be used to show a custom icon before the tree label in tree selector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provided trees to `TreeWidgetUiItemsProvider` can define a `startIcon` property that will be shown next to the tree label in tree selector.
```
